Project Name: Mailbox based on Hadoop
Date: 11/2014-04/2015
Team Member: Guo Weidong
Objective: Design a e-mail box. Build it on Hadoop which is a distributed big data analysis frameword. By implementing the project on Hadoop, mailbox can achieve high scalability, high availability, high performance.

./code
Open source code for mailbox. ./code/src is the back-end program in Java to write and read HBase which is a distributed database and HDFS which is a distributed file system; ./code/WebRoot is the front-end program in HTML/Javascript to display the mailbox and provide UI.
./demonstration.wmv
The video shows this project.

Abstract
Design and Implementation of Mailbox System based on HadoopAbstractE-mail has been widely used nowadays during daily life and work. Due to the significance of e-mail during these days, a variety of services related to e-mail has been developed. For the convenience of employees who need to communicate and transmit files each day, Enterprise mailbox has been developed as a communication tool. However, importing mailbox services provided by third party will bring some problems since data and file are stored at servers in third party. As we all know, enterprise as a business organization has many security files. If these files are leaked outside, the results are disaster. Thus, this paper designs and implements a Mailbox based on Hadoop. Enterprise only needs to buy some low-price PC Servers to build a high-performance mailbox server. Here are some merits by adopting Hadoop clusters:(1) By adopting distributed file system in which file and data have many copies in different PC servers, one single node failure would not cause data loss.(2) Due to the high expansibility of Hadoop cluster, linear growth of number of PC servers would bring corresponding linear growth of performance.(3) Hadoop cluster is consisted of low-price PC server, therefore, both hardware cost in early stage and maintenance price in later stage are cheap.This project adopts MVC architecture model. Html/JavaScript is used as front-ground program. Servlet is used to accept requests from user and call JavaBean methods. JavaBean is the core part of the whole project. It is used to manipulate distribute file system HDFS and distributed column-based database HBase. The database adopts DAO as its architecture model in order to decrease code coupling factor.The Mailbox based on Hadoop not only provides such ordinary functions as sending e-mail, receiving e-mail and searching history e-mail, trash box, drafts box, but also support file appendix function. Meanwhile, as an additional function and in order to show the advantage of Hadoop cluster, the project also implements cloud storage. At last, this paper adopts black box testing to test all the function modules of the project in order to ensure the maintainability and extendibility.Key Words：Mailbox；Hadoop； Cloud Storage
